Actually,
and that's only where my excuse it not
necessarily during the session we go away.
We think as a team we join the dots and
then it becomes, as you said, challenging,
challenging, what you do.
Hopefully we're going to add that layer
for service now to get to you to the B
role.
But actually there will be another
overlay of.
Actually, why don't you do it like this?
You know what we said today is not might
not be simply laid out,
but it might be a challenge back into.
Have you thought about doing this?
You do this.
So even though it has been technical,
it will go away. It will be mould,
rinsed and washed.
Who then land with one service of you.
But you know that's how we will approach
it as a, as a team.
So if you get a request then and the
request is for make master cutting and
you make the master cutting that was in
that request and so they also want they
come back and they want which is quite
often rates change. How how would that.
So that's what we're thinking that
discussed it.
Individually,
but on the request it will be and Mark
will interject is that actually you don't
have to have that one one request one
because you can you don't want one.
You could have this and then actually
this you add add another add another so
you can treat them.
You know that you're it's being requested
as one.
You might have different assignment
groups on them, but certainly it could be.
Actually I want to change this.
I don't want to change this and I want to
Yeah. Yeah, so.
change, you know?
So you you could have that ability
So when you're on those sort on those
sort of requests,
upfront that comes in.
Yeah.
you can you can say you know do do you
have a do you do you have another request
and when they click yes it presents the
same box, same field,
it's all same sort of structure where
they select again and then ultimately
Hopefully.
what happens when they submit you'll get
three down.
Otentially 3 downstream task activities
so you can solve each one associated with
the initial point of contact.
Or creatively,
if they're of a similar model,
Right.
you might get one request,
but you know it might mark.
It might be that you don't get three
because they are a comment,
Yeah.
but we can go through.
Yeah, you might just get 1-2 action,
but you'll break.
You'll you'll have a mechanism to break
them down because one might take you 10
minutes.
One might take you half a day and you
Yeah.
want to make sure that you're tracking
the start and finish of each sort of
activity.
So for your own demand management and
planning.
Something to think about.
Yeah, that I think that's important. Yeah.
What were you thinking?
So is that how so you would want to get
as well?
A lot of the requests will come through
and it'll be a subject line will be the
matter number,
which is really important for us.
And then we'll send that request.
They'll say please make the mark cut in.
And please change your currency. Yeah.
Please add the rate.
It's you could 3 requests at the moment.
All we can do is select one. Yeah,
you know, really.
You can get that as well.
So they could be add another as another
so you get rates currency and they can be
Yeah.
individual task of a parent. So that will.
Triggered or added. I say this example.
The PES? Yeah. If they're,
if they're informing you that they,
they can add another, add another.
If you think that's going to be a kind of
change.
That's what I was going to be points.
A change I mean are they going to be
doing it and how are we enforcing?
I mean it's not.
PQM or a ServiceNow question,
but it's more of a management question
that how are you going to enforce that
change and particularly OCM comes over
here as well, yeah, no 100%,
it's something that we definitely need to
think of because it's not just a change,
this change for us,
it's the whole firm as well,
get them to even go into the portal,
it's it's going to be tricky.
It's a change for them so.
Yeah, exactly.
Yeah, it's definitely something,
but the biggest problem I have is
personally like my problem is that we're
not able to track the work done like the
capacity model or whatever.
We're not able to do that properly
Yep.
because if you have one service, I mean,
if you look at the dashboard,
what you're saying is on a monthly basis
as well, we are sitting at like 60%.
Yeah, yeah.
And do you believe?
You're sitting at 60%, yeah, 100%.
And it's a pinpoint for obviously Gerald
Yeah, exactly.
injuries that they are.
But I know for a couple of the other
teams as well.
It's a massive pinpoint when they get
something in and it's maybe got multiple
requests and it's only getting counted
once you're only able to categorise it
once there's no functionality to
duplicate split. We did look into it but.
I think it's just more hassle than it's
worth getting it and now to be honest and
Yeah.
like you see with the productivity
reports and you know the average handle
time, volumes reports and stuff,
it's not showing accurate and partly it's
because of what's coming out of share
will because it will be an additional
responsibility for the PE to select three
different things on three different tasks
and.
I need.
I need their willingness to do that as
well. I think even if there's,
I think two ways, you know for the PE.
Yeah.
Ideally if they're requesting 234 things
they can do it in the one form that
they're sending that comes in,
I think also maybe from like a team's
perspective, if there is the option to.
Duplicate or split and be able to re
categorise to something else so it's
still getting counted,
not just one request, but how many ever.
Let's say copy have a a query and the
rate query that comes in and so on that
rate query it's got actually multiple
different actions like four or five
actions.
That doesn't stop anyone be able to
actually, I hope I've received this,
but I'm going to raise and create four or
five different requests so I can then
spit out to my teams. Yeah, you can like,
that's attract how much effort that is
Yeah.
for that. Just one similar advice.
So you've got that that as well if
question good.
Easy to do. Yeah, you can have ability.
Just. No.
But they don't do it because it's too
much. Hard work. Yeah.
And you might find from day one you still
get that behaviour,
but you start to force them.
So we'll actually just to let you know,
I've had to raise that as separate
request for you.
So you need to track that separate person.
You'll see that in your inbox and you'll
also you'll see something.
So it's to updating century or changing
like matter or to update rate etcetera.
So they'll see that separate items in
there.
So they want they probably find that
difficult and an experience that they're
not used to hopefully 90 days down the
line they start to get used to that type
of behaviour.
But again he's kind of thinking about
from changing things as well.
Yeah, and and and it might, as you said,
it could be that they that's why you
probably is Mark is saying that leading
question into it to stop them writing.
I want to do the following which actually
looks it, it looks trivial as one line,
but actually you receive it and that's 10
tasks.
Yeah. The other thing,
the other thing you can do,
remember when you open it,
when they open it up,
you can say look to help us help you.
Please segregate your requests and you
know you so you can steer them with the
guide notes.
So when they ask what's your first you
know and if they can see add another you
you you use your intro text.
To tell them that they'll be splitting it
out.
So there's there's a lot you can do
within the guide. You know,
the guidance as they open the record.
One of the other things, Sandeep,
to your point about the improvement,
remember,
I think that in you know to innovate and
enhance your processes primary and I was
interested to hear when you sort of said.
The challenge was you can't always see
the scope of your work and what have you
coming through.
This is almost like a first phase to give
you full visibility or as much visibility
of your workload and have MI about the
pain points to be able to affect
innovation and change because it might be
we challenge other.
Teams to come on board with you,
using ServiceNow to speed up the process
or it might be the go through time.
We say actually we can consolidate a
couple of requests or we can,
you know use ServiceNow to maybe do some
auto trigger of other stuff.
You know it's that's the thing that will
come I think after your.
First, immersion in using the tool,
I think.
And I'm all for, you know,
like you have mid then you have your
professional development reviews twice a
year.
You know as a part of the community and
you percentifies them based on their
bonus it could be exceeds completing
their request 100 and a few years of
portal.
As I say I I think it's it's it's not the
service now or like like a development or
a or a question. What you guys have,
it's an internal thing,
that's a pure mindset thing and I won't
show our way to say that we are always at
Yeah.
the receiving end and you know.
I won't be.
I won't be surprised if they don't follow
the process and we still have to pick up
everything,
but I think you've got the evidence now
to show that that's the probably the bit
is that you're saying is that if we
separate them as partially but at least
got evidence to show that, yeah.
So and I think I mean it's it's internal
discussion I think and that that's
something strong.
Application the standing of the process
training all those things needs to be in
our OCMPS.
Yeah,
these will be interventions as part of
our change plan.
So obviously we we can understand the
mindset of the PES and the current team
points and and how ServiceNow impact
their ways of working.
And from that we'll be able to put
certain things in place,
certain interventions to help them.
And it it will be a phased approach,
so it wouldn't be like suddenly they have
to do everything in service now will be
kind of like they start to do certain
requests by service now and and we'll use
certain language to help them see the
benefit of self-service.
But yeah,
we we will have a whole plan to to manage
all of that. Sorry,
just a question not related to this topic,
but what's the plan with OPS like on this?
So when are you guys catching up with
them?
When are you guys kind of like advising
them, training them, but what's the plan?
So I'm not actually,
should you have anything for OPS like
when I be speaking to them because I
interact with them almost every day.
So I haven't said anything,
but I just want to make sure that they
they know that this is coming.
And then we have to build it up, you know,
because it's it's it's an area they they
will reject it if you go at the very end.
So there's a there is a communications
planning based which is what happened so.
Identifying who those stakeholders are,
Simon was only seven days with including
OPS.
We don't always gonna keep stakeholders.
We, to be honest,
we start start doing this at that time
now. So consider it, you know,
as different interventions as we start,
we start with the right applications.
What's the approach for self-service?
What's going to be?
Racing lease price.
Let's do some of these,
but also the common space as well.
So I'm not sure if that is that these
problems I think so.
Kelly supposed to be picking up the
different patients planning and probably
engaged with those signals as well.
So it's a piece that we can start.
I should pull some of the the outputs of
our sessions in terms of what we designed
for the organisation,
how to overchang everyone's,
communicate really or really to not over
communicate too quickly as well because
we don't want to stand stare some of
those stakeholders at the same time.
So it's the right time for the right.
And I think it will. I mean, yes,
there's a lot of operations
administrative piece like,
you know and information which is coming
which has been requested from.
OPS to us like and then all these
sessions so far.
Like you know generally no change the
rate.
So generally we'll pick up the rate and
change it address and all our cacheting
or can you make this payment.
So this as of now like this week so far
what you have heard is from them to us.
But when you have the credit control and
the web chat on Monday,
it's the other way around.
Because we are telling them that what is
the web and this is what you have to
build. So it is equally important.
So they have to understand the site we as
well over here that it's it's not just
one way that they don't use it.
And then though they.
I mean that they can get away with the
benefit.
It's also that we will be using the same
services in the same way,
so they should be equipped,
they should be understanding how we are
communicating as well. That's fine. OK,
yeah. Yep. I'll capture that and I'll,
I'll put that up command one for yeah.
On Mondays. Yeah. Otherwise, yes,
we will be.
Frustrated at the beginning, as you said,
it's not gonna be smooth from day one.
I get it.
We will be frustrated for the first few
months,
but they will be way behind in the long
term because if they don't capture,
if they don't understand,
especially if they have. Yeah.
Yeah.
Just an advice. They're very,
very of change, so good luck.
In uh.
Yeah,
change is something that not any like the
world likes.
Everyone likes to continue working that
the way that they've always been working.
So this is something that we'll consider,
obviously lawyers,
partners V like VPS or VIPs.
And from what I've been hearing in these
workshops,
they have a certain mindset and.
This is something that we'll we'll need
to consider as part of our change plan.
I say that it's it's,
it's not 100% to be blamed,
but majority to be blamed to be honest.
But I think they they sit next to the
partners, right.
So partners will just throw the pile at
them and say get it done now.
So they are under the same pressure.
Exactly. Yeah. So culture, the culture.
Yeah. So yeah, it's that high it.
It seems like there's that hierarchy.
Right. They can get away with, like,
asking someone else to do things for them.
And that's why it's going to be a huge
shift for them to empower themselves to
do things via self-service and not just
pick up the phone and ask someone else.
To do it for them. So.
So there there are certain divisions,
partner heads.
You know where whatever ServiceNow is on
offer in terms of the status updates and
say 1E bill and what are the six
different statuses we're doing it
manually right now on an Excel tracker.
Every day we pull the reports and we do
that change the statuses and also some
people do like that kind of.
Supporting so you will have some buyers,
but I think it's an overall general
practise which they have to enforce and
so all that knows you have you know not
we're not tiring everyone with the same
brush.
But would you have partners that can
champion the behaviour of self we do we
do pick on those.
So we do pilot whatever new.
What are the new things we try to
experiment and roll out?
We pick up those divisions of those group
of partners and and what really like
there's a proper two way discussion and
they they do appreciate you know whatever
we do.
So you mean that Sandeep sorry do you
mean that there's a few like partners?
In the business who are like,
open to change and they normally will get
on board and open.
To change digitalization, you know,
automation and all those. So yeah,
that there are few. OK yeah.
Because then that can help form one of
the interventions that you can do like so
see, I'll be honest with you.
So so you have those partners.
Who want that change to happen now?
They are partners.
They don't care how the change happens.
It's our responsibilities as well as a
business service champion.
So they would give a thumbs up.
My job is to roll it out in between.
You have the OPS,
so OPS have to be on the same page as me
as well, right?
And it's not the case.
And and in most of the scenarios,
meaning they're fighting against the
change and not so it's. Yeah,
it's a mix of problem.
Yeah, causing the issue. Both policy.
Yeah.
Push it down with them and then the
officer trying to, yeah,
build their duties as well.
And then we just take that as a whole
whole and and and and you I think
yesterday we were saying and tomorrow you
will know more so billing is only done in
UK.
By ask it's kind of like decentralised in
Australia, so the BES, the operations,
they do their own billing.
So because the BES, the operations,
they have a better understanding of
billing as they do it,
they can join the dots easily about Rama.
E billing. You know everything else.
So they might be more receptive and they
might kind of like see the benefits
straight away of this,
whereas there's a slightly different
process.
What we do in the UK and and the
pushbacks are more on the UK side.
I'm conscious of time.
I know that we have to finish in the next
5 minutes.
Can I just say something very quickly?
Just off the back of the portal and stuff?
I know this obviously is like the change
piece is huge,
but I also do think there's a
responsibility for the teams on day one,
making sure that someone's emailing in
because of the emails still going to be a
thing. We're not turning it off.
Off, if we could leave,
I don't think we can.
So there's a responsibility for the teams
to be making sure someone's emailed in
instead of using the portal that we're
pushing back straight away because this
is a problem we had with Atlas,
we didn't do it and it hardly gets used.
And it's far too late to do it now,
like 4-4 years down the line.
But again, we'll pick that up and.
100% yeah, even nearly.
We've got sound team.
Don't know if someone speaking them,
Yep.
but we couldn't hear it.
Yeah.
If they see that their query is responded
to faster on the ServiceNow platform and
they'll start to see the benefit of
moving towards ServiceNow. Yeah, exactly.
But you're always good. I mean,
I'm very much for modelling behaviour of
and I'm not saying.
We're gonna get 90% accuracy,
but I think it's the attitude it's,
it's the willingness.
And then we we we get thrown under the
bus often.
Maybe you need to capture your junior
associate.
Then junior lawyers now to model good
behaviour so that they you don't mean it
comes I mean.
I think it needs to be from the top, yes,
like partners,
partners are the ones who are are
creating a lot of that additional
workload.
So it's about getting a few of those
champions on board 1st.
And then them speaking to their peers to
show the benefit of doing things through
service dial versus.
I agree that billing time,
you know they're under pressure for
targets, you know, 80 percent 85.
You know,
I understand that time is very important,
but I'll leave it now is that it does the
heavy lifting.
You can't see the trust that it takes
away that from them. So yeah,
long term it will cut down a lot of their
time of chasing and all. Yeah, exactly.
Because you can see the status of
yourself.
You can speak to the people yourself.
Do hand hold a lot of such processes?
As I said before and partners see the
benefit that there's one person doing
that, but then when it's on the system,
everybody can have that visibility,
it's gonna,
it's gonna be benefit for them. But like,
yeah,
it's it's just a change mindset if
they're. Yeah.
Yeah, sure. Well,
as we'll get closer to when we're sending
notifications,
like tickets closed or whatever,
could we change?
Is there options to change the word and
to make like, like,
please know what we're moving.
You have to use the portal,
blah blah blah.
Yeah. Yeah. So, you know,
one closer time sets up once up. Yeah.
It's almost like we're going all this
time. Right there.
Almost might start to communicate.
We'll be closing tickets moving forward.
You now need to start using service now
or whichever the name of them.
And this would be that, you know,
this would be a.
So you can't get the better plug around.
I'll get the key. Actually use it. No, no,
that's good. As part of, you know,
general realise. Anyway,
you would be system ready. Yeah,
and and you go through integration.
Where did you go through, you know,
application content.
But the key 1A data ready.
You know things are but a key.
One is people ready?
Are your people ready to go and that that
will be signed off?
That's not suddenly it's here.
OK is there is that people readiness as
well as you would do the testing that
gets signed off and that people readiness
will come into the change plan as well
because we'll need to do readiness
assessments.
Umm.
With the business to understand if they
feel they've had enough training,
are they ready?
Do they see the benefit of doing this and
and if there are,
if there's any resistance or people feel
that they're not ready yet,
then we would address that before we
reach,
go live and hand holding and and I know
I'd introduce.
And I went back, it was to.
And I've got a training session with the
PS.
But what I've done as well was we'd
organise for a pilot group that would
actually use in portal for this,
so I don't know whether that's something
you consider to get them one more site to
have tests to pilot. Yeah, yeah, yeah.
It's not a system. Well,
they won't be doing actual.
Yeah, something scenario. Yeah, yes.
So so the same as but standing.
So there is some people that's. Yeah.
Advocates. Yeah. That's good. Champions.
Yeah. You're good.
All right.
Yeah, no worries.
We've got a pretty hard start,
but we're OK. So mainly Joe,
just going to ask Leanne to push it back
a wee bit, maybe 10 minutes or something,
one meeting. So don't worry. All right,
thank you.
Mainly informative couple of calls to
action.
Just to consider over the next few weeks,
really dashboards and reports.
These are some that we we like to suggest
for your area,
but you know things we've come up with
today can inform requirements for these
kind of show up anything top of mind or
you can have a think over the next few
weeks what you would like dashboard
report wise?
At least they sort of tend to be your
daily activities.
You can get a track of as things you know
are breaching their Slas or can include.
There's a whole variety of you don't want
to cloud your dashboards,
but you know three months time you don't
want to be on the radar,
but everything's that.
You know outside, you know, as you said,
with those things that might be urgent or
complex that you could track.
But in answer in stone,
but there might be a set that you find
useful today or there might be a series
of questions that you think that you get
asked within your team that actually even
internal questions that could be
addressed on the dashboard.
Yeah, yeah, no worries.
So we could share it and then you can
have a look and have a think about what
you want. Yeah, I'll send it all. Yeah,
absolutely.
And that will inform what we write,
the user stories that you'll have sight
of anyway.
So go through with you as well and
knowledge super quick touch on.
That I want to play that thing just have
again having a think about what knowledge
thing might be useful for for your your
customers employee side to help them as
we discussed and they'll also be the you
know the existing knowledge moved and
updated for the system.
So again something to think about the
next few days and weeks.
And where are we? Just so you can see,
this is the some of the user storage
format we'll be doing and part of the
next phase of the project will be us
writing that.
And I think I think there's a plan for
the the aerial leads, Julie,
right to review the user stories. Yeah,
I'm stepping up. Yeah.
Stories that you told today in the
scenarios and what you'd like to do.
I have the plan. I'll go through with you.
I have to go through with all the SMEs
for all the team.
So we just discussed before here.
So you'll see what we're doing.
Functional requirements,
which you'll have, you know, sign on.
So you'll see what we're doing and what
we're planning to build. Yeah,
what decisions we plan to defend today.
Yeah. Next thing's first then.
So we're going to publish all of this
stuff,
including the the deck and the notes and
the actions and all the outputs of
compensation over the next couple of
weeks.
We've got a conversation around Slas in a
couple of weeks in the calendar as well.
Not sure from the invite.
Let me know if you if you want to be on
there,
get in touch afterwards conversation
around integrations, you know,
especially permanent with three East and
what's going on there.
So that that's in the calendar as well.
Then we'll be doing the the drafting
which.
Which you mentioned there,
and if there's any follow up sessions
then there's kind of space for that.
But I think design wise we covered
everything. So I think we're good.
Yeah.
And then high highest level maybe dates
that you might be most interested in.
So those earlier ones are made us doing
the technical bit and the writing bit.
But then there's testing phase training
phase,
go live date for your ongoing service or
they might be of interest date wise.
Just highlighted them and that's it. Oh,
no, sorry, joy. We've covered some of it.
Yeah,
we've covered a lot of change management
in that this question just earlier.
Is there anything else that you think we
need to consider for the Rama team?
Other than the behaviour of of the PES
and and how they raise requests.
It's the ad hoc request, right?
The ad hoc request.
They're not using the right channels.
Sometimes they should be using 3E and
then with ServiceNow,
some of their requests will go through
service now.
So it's just that training and that
guidance to make sure that.
Before they raise a request,
they've done certain cheques that they
need to do and that sometimes,
if it's something that is within your
team's remit that they know that they can
raise that food service now.
Otherwise they need to do it themselves
in 3E.
And that's is that the main OK,
that is the main until the project kicks
off because the whole point of the
project is to review end to end. Yeah.
And I think there might be and that there
will be for sure.
Be more bigger changes than what you have
noted down, I guess,
like how the discounts et cetera is
maintained communication and all.
So I think now I think we are fine.
I can't see the one project timelines is
where it's not even kicked off.
So when and how it happens,
I'll let you know if there is anything
any major.
Changes which we have to factor.
Yes please.
I think the way we're approaching like
our change impacts report which is where
I'm going to be capturing all these
impacts is that it will be accurate as of
the time.
That we've captured it.
So we'll send you a draught and then you
can review and then it can be signed off.
But obviously as we go along,
certain decisions will be made,
things from the parking lot,
there'll be more discussions and then we
can continue to create further versions
of the document.
Yeah.
I think United State, my quick,
maybe a quick win between now and anyway
if that's as you said,
you get the queries that and model you
know the behaviour change that can happen
already is that I won't see what are my
rates and already you could say if the
rate card is the goes the Internet.
So maybe that's a quick one.
Day that we can already start to see some
change that can happen even prior to go
live.
So that's A and it's gonna be an
identical discussion tomorrow as well.
Yeah, because it's the same,
almost the same stakeholder and the same
kind of queries,
not drama but like billing queries we
will have tomorrow so.
Yeah, yeah,
we've got half a day or 1:00 since. Well,
you know,
adding half a day should be initially OK.
Yeah. Yeah. OK. And finally,
thank you very, very much for your time.
Geraldine. Really appreciate inputs. Yeah.
Thank you.
He's tired, I know.
Thanks, Josh. Is it,
are we done for today on the workshop
site?
Yeah, we don't. Thanks guys on the call.
Thanks everyone.
Thank you. Thanks all.
Yeah, it's.
Yeah.